Time to install our personal gateway now. So we know that we have to use the personal gateway in our
situation,
so let's select that and press next
and now we're in the installation wizard,
so this will guide you through the installation and as soon as we finished the installation, we will start
our gateway together
the first time. Now we completed the installation and can click onto launch, right here
and now the gateway seems to work.
Let's go back to Power BI service and see if we can now press that refresh button.
So let me close the installation first,
here we are back and now we can see that the gateway is still offline,
not good.
Let's right click here and refresh the page
maybe, this doesn't work
and the reason is simple, it doesn't work because the gateway didn't start yet
although we click launch.
So if we press windows and look for personal gateway, then we can find it right here.
So if we click that, it will check some more things and we are signed in,
this is correct, so we can press next right here,
success.
Now we made it,
now we installed the gateway and now it also started.
So if we finished right here now, like this and reload the page of course one last time,
then we can see that we finally have a gateway connection established.
This is really great
but before we really work with that gateway and see how we can schedule a refresh, let's scroll down
a little bit right here
because we have to talk about the data source credentials.
Well we can quickly update them if we click onto edit credentials right here,
so you see that this is the connection to our source files, if we
click right there,
we set the authentication method simply to Windows and press sign-in.
So this is fine,
do the same thing for the second credential and for the third and for the fourth, like this.
Now let's scroll down more
and before that, open that schedule refresh menu right here.
So now we can keep our data up-to-date and how does this work? Well
you simply press onto on right here and now we can decide when we want to refresh our data, so daily
or weekly.
So you could decide daily now and then your timezone and then add a time, like this,
so you could say 10:00am like that
and then we could apply that refresh right here. So we now scheduled a refresh for our project file,
this means if we would now change something, this change would automatically implement it into our existing
dataset
as we set that refresh right here, this is really good.
Now if we go back to our workspace right here and go back to our dataset right there, then we can see
that we now schedule the refresh,
so if you click right here, we are back in the menu and this works and we can see our refresh options
right there like we did it and if we go back to my workspace now, to the dataset and press refresh now,
then the data will be instantly refreshed.
Now let's try that,
click it right here
and if you look at the last refresh date, then you will see that this should update now to the current
time. And it is done
and as you can see, we now have the latest data in our Power BI service application.
Additionally, you can also see our next refresh of course that we installed before.
So what have we done so far?
We were able to import the data from Power BI Desktop into Power BI service. We then created that
new report and created dashboards.
Additionally we now installed a gateway,
so we are able to dynamically update the data that we have in Power BI desktop to our Power BI service application.
But so far, we only worked alone right because at the moment, we are only talking about the connection
between Power BI desktop and Power BI service.
What about that sharing and collaborating?
So what if we want to work together on data and then share this data?
This is something we have to think about now, right?
Let's think about that in more detail in the next video.